Docs: Update README for Benchmark C++ Tool and Benchmark Python Tool (#11961)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: tools/benchmark_tool/README.md

# Benchmark Python Tool {#openvino_inference_engine_tools_benchmark_tool_README}

This page demonstrates how to use the Benchmark Python Tool to estimate deep learning inference performance on supported devices.

> **NOTE**: This page describes usage of the Python implementation of the Benchmark Tool. For the C++ implementation, refer to the [Benchmark C++ Tool](../../samples/cpp/benchmark_app/README.md) page. The Python version is recommended for benchmarking models that will be used in Python applications, and the C++ version is recommended for benchmarking models that will be used in C++ applications. Both tools have a similar command interface and backend.

## Basic Usage

> The Python benchmark_app is automatically installed when you install OpenVINO Runtime or OpenVINO Developer Tools using [PyPI](../../docs/install_guides/installing-openvino-pip.md) or [Anaconda Cloud](../../docs/install_guides/installing-openvino-conda.md). Before running `benchmark_app`, make sure the `openvino_env` virtual environment is activated, and navigate to the directory where your model is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Python benchmark_app is automatically installed when you install OpenVINO Developer Tools using [PyPI](../../docs/install_guides/installing-openvino-pip.md). Before running `benchmark_app`, make sure the `openvino_env` virtual environment is activated, and navigate to the directory where your model is located.
```
benchmark_app is installed by openvino-dev, not runtime.

> The benchmarking application works with OpenVINO models in IR format (model.xml and model.bin) or ONNX format (model.onnx). You can use it with your own models or pre-trained ones. You can choose among both [public](@ref omz_models_group_public) and [Intel](@ref omz_models_group_intel) models from the Open Model Zoo, which you can download using [Model Downloader](@ref omz_tools_downloader). Before running the tool, make sure the model is either converted to the OpenVINO format, using Model Optimizer, or is in the ONNX format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The benchmarking application works with models in the OpenVINO IR (`model.xml` and `model.bin`) and ONNX (`model.onnx`) formats. Make sure to [convert your models] (../../../docs/MO_DG/Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide.md) if necessary. 
```

> The benchmarking application works with OpenVINO models in IR format (`model.xml` and `model.bin`) or ONNX format (`model.onnx`). You can use it with your own models or pre-trained [public](@ref omz_models_group_public) or [Intel](@ref omz_models_group_intel) models from the Open Model Zoo, which can be downloaded using the [Model Downloader](@ref omz_tools_downloader). Before running the tool, make sure the model is converted to OpenVINO format using the [Model Optimizer](../../docs/MO_DG/Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide.md) tool or is in ONNX format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The benchmarking application works with OpenVINO models in IR format (model.xml and model.bin) or ONNX format (model.onnx). You can use it with your own models or pre-trained ones. You can choose among both [public](@ref omz_models_group_public) and [Intel](@ref omz_models_group_intel) models from the Open Model Zoo, which you can download using [Model Downloader](@ref omz_tools_downloader). Before running the tool, make sure the model is either converted to the OpenVINO format, using Model Optimizer, or is in the ONNX format.
```

> To run benchmarking with default options on a model, use the following command. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run benchmarking with default options on a model, use the following command:
```

```
benchmark_app -m model.xml
```

By default, the application will load the specified model onto the CPU and perform inferencing on batches of randomly-generated data inputs for 60 seconds. As it loads, it prints information about benchmark parameters. When benchmarking is completed, it reports the minimum, average, and maximum inferencing latency and average the throughput.

You may be able to improve benchmark results beyond the default configuration by configuring some of the execution parameters for your model. For example, you can use "throughput" or "latency" performance hints to optimize the runtime for higher FPS or reduced inferencing time. Read on to learn more about the configuration options available with benchmark_app.

## Configuration Options
The benchmark app provides various options for configuring execution parameters. This section covers key configuration options for easily tuning benchmarking to achieve better performance on your device. A list of all configuration options is given in the [Advanced Usage](#advanced-usage) section.

### Performance hints: latency and throughput

> The benchmark app allows users to provide high-level "performance hints" for setting latency-focused or throughput-focused inference modes. This hint causes the runtime to automatically adjust runtime parameters, such as number of processing streams and inference batch size, to prioritize for reduced latency or high throughput.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The benchmark app allows users to provide high-level "performance hints" for setting latency-focused or throughput-focused inference modes. This hint causes the runtime to automatically adjust runtime parameters, such as the number of processing streams and inference batch size, to prioritize for reduced latency or high throughput.
```

The performance hints do not require any device-specific settings and they are completely portable between devices. Parameters are automatically configured based on whichever device is being used. This allows users to easily port applications between hardware targets without having to re-determine the best runtime parameters for the new device.

> The performance hint is set by using `-hint latency` or `-hint throughput` when running benchmark_app:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If not specified, throughput is used as the default. To set the hint explicitly, use `-hint latency` or `-hint throughput` when running benchmark_app:
```

## Examples of Running the Tool
This section provides step-by-step instructions on how to run the Benchmark Tool with the `googlenet-v1` public model on CPU or GPU devices.  The [dog.bmp](https://storage.openvinotoolkit.org/data/test_data/images/224x224/dog.bmp) file is used as an input.

> **NOTE**: Internet access is required to execute the following steps successfully. If you have access to the Internet through a proxy server only, please make sure that it is configured in your OS environment.

1. Install OpenVINO Development Tools to work with Caffe* models:

   ``` sh
   pip install openvino-dev[caffe]
   ```

2. Download the model. Go to the Model Downloader directory and run the `omz_downloader` script with specifying the model name and directory to download the model to:

   ```sh
   omz_downloader --name googlenet-v1 -o <models_dir>
   ```

> 3. Convert the model to the OpenVINO IR format. Run the Model Optimizer using the `mo` command with the path to the model, model format and output directory to generate the IR files:

Reviewer 2: Do you think we should remove the entire point 3?

> 3. Convert the model to the OpenVINO IR format. Run the Model Optimizer using the `mo` command with the path to the model, model format and output directory to generate the IR files:

Reviewer: Not for now - it is required for this model. But we should simplify this example to use a model that does not need to be converted, or caffe to be installed.  

For example:
1. `pip install openvino-dev` 
2. `omz_downloader --name asl-recognition-0004 --precisions FP16 --output_dir omz_models`
3. `benchmark_app -m omz_models/intel/asl-recognition-0004/FP16/asl-recognition-0004.xml -d CPU -hint throughput -progress`

@EdjeElectronics what do you think? This does not include the dog.bmp picture, but that also makes the example more generic.

The current example works, and for this PR we can definitely leave it as is, but it should not be required to install caffe and convert a model just to run a benchmark_app sample.

> 3. Convert the model to the OpenVINO IR format. Run the Model Optimizer using the `mo` command with the path to the model, model format and output directory to generate the IR files:

Author: Hi @helena-intel, I agree that the example should be simplified. I had left the example section untouched since it was already mostly clear and understandable, but it can definitely be improved. I'll test out the steps you listed and then add them to both the C++ and Python pages.
